--------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Ethan Brooks <ethan@austinbusinessreview.com>
Date: Thu, Jun 11, 2026 at 5:07 AM
Subject: The Austin Business Review
To: rajpaj@gmail.com <rajpaj@gmail.com>


June 11, 2026   |   Read online



Welcome to this issue of The Austin Business Review, a weekly roundup of great local events and insights for Austin business owners (plus some other cool stuff for your life outside of work).

Well, we had one quiet week, and now it’s back to the craziness that is Austin’s business events scene. Austin is the most interesting city anywhere in America right now.

As proof, I bring you…

🏓 Pickleball With Other Founders

💸 A Table Of DTC Giants

🧠 Reverse Brain Rot

And more…

As always, this puppy was curated and written without AI (and finished far too late on Wednesday night).

Did someone forward this to you? If you like it, you can sign up here!

-Ethan

PS. The newest leg of the Waterloo Greenway officially opened up this week (Phase II in the picture below). Word on the street is that it now offers a fully off-street bike and pedestrian trail connecting the Lance Armstrong Bikeway on 5th, all the way to Rainey St. and trail along the water.


 
Upcoming Events

🗓️ TODAY: Your Startup Sucks: Like a funny version of Shark Tank, where founders pitch a panel of investors, founders, and comedians

🗓️ June 13: Public Invention Con: A whole day focused on humanitarian innovation and engineering that serves the public good

🗓️ June 16: Agent Builders Breakfast: Abby Rakshit recently started hosting the local chapter of this national community

🗓️ June 16: Rotary Club Speed Networking: Hosted by Austin Rotary’s Executive Director, Teresa Taylor (she’s got a fascinating story, which I wrote about here)

🗓️ June 16: AI Show & Tell: A mix of longer presentations and shorter open mic demo’s down at The Red Fridge

🗓️ June 17: Vibe Coders With Traction: John Davison is bringing together founders who built products using AI (and actually got customers)

🗓️ June 17: TWIB Happy Hour: Hosted by author and retreat architect, Shawna Lee, who curates experiences for women going through important life transitions

🗓️ June 17: ATX CTO: Every month, William Baxter curates a discussion for senior tech execs. This month’s topic: Thinking Like A CEO, on the metrics and problem solving skills that matter at that level

🗓️ June 18: Giants At The Table: Mathias Ihlenfeld is hosting an intimate roundtable for founders of $5m+ ARR companies, followed by dinner and drinks at Mamma Betty’s.

NOTE: If you don’t know Matthias yet, he’s got a wild story – bootstrapped Woom Bikes to $25m+ right here in ATX, then took it global and grew to nine-figures. Now he leads the local cohort for Birthing of Giants.

🗓️ June 18: Keep Austin Intelligent: Leaders from business, education, and government are gathering to talk about how Austin is heading into the age of AI

🗓️ June 18: Build A Personal AI Assistant: ​Chrissy McDannell runs an M&A firrm here in town and is opening up her notebook to show how she’s built out her own AI assistant

🗓️ June 19: Founder Pickleball: John Davison is gathering a group over at East Side Padel (all levels welcome, but they’re primarily 2-3.75, if that means something to you)

🗓️ June 19: TWIB Summer Luncheon: Summer Salazar is joining Texas Women in Business to talk about building confidence and communication skills (these lunches go FAST so snag a spot now if you want one)

🗓️ June 20: AWT Wellness Day: A change of pace – Austin Women in Tech is hosting a 50-minute Vinyasa session over at YTX Studio in the Indeed Tower’s

🗓️ June 20: Founders & Funders Social Dance: No pitches or panels. Just laid back music and a li’l two-steppin’ with Kevad Belle and others

